Danny is in my heart
Yun Chu is the daughter-in-law of the Lu family
All the relatives of the Lu family are here today
Let me introduce you to everyone
This is Xia Yunchu
My shut up
majesty
She is the granddaughter-in-law that our Lu family Mingwei is marrying
What is he?
I can't get on the table
Mom, don't be angry.
police
Listen to grandma
Don't be fooled by this fox
Yun Chu is not a mistress
Not a fox
Yun Chu and I were originally a couple
Wen Yan is the veritable socket person
The chivalrous official is sensible and treats you sincerely
You don't think about your heart
You belittled him for a woman outside
Jingshan
Tell you
If I really like you at the beginning of this summer
He will take care of your face and stupidity
I will never follow you to the Lu family's family banquet
Make a fool of you in public
The effect of becoming a family
I know you don't like me
But I truly love Caution
Humph
The reason why I came here at all costs
Just to visit you
Hope to get your approval.
You bitch
I will not approve of you.
go out
Even if my marriage has gone horribly wrong
I don't want to miss him again.
Nan Nan
Please fulfill me
Why should Mom calm down?
Uncle Yun
I arranged their marriage
You mean I was wrong, Grandma?
I'm fine.
As long as grandma can approve of me
Punish me however you want.
Humph
Want me to approve of you
The kitchen is dead
Mom, sit down first
So what's up?
Let's talk slowly.
Butler Lu
Now take the young lady over in person
Never allow an ignorant woman
Dirty the door of my Lu's house